ah yeah let's learn English with Brad
Pitt in Inglourious Basterds this is the
sixth film from director Quentin
Tarantino and as he likes to do in his
movies it tells the alternate history
story of two plots to assassinate Nazi
Germany's leadership this lesson is full
of vocabulary related to war and
strategy the Germans call them the
bastards Abbas yes because these Yanks
have been them the devil that's about it
[Music]
you heard about us you've probably heard
we ain't in the prisoner taking business
we're in the killing Nazi business
doesn't business is a-boomin show it in
case you're new here we want to let you
know that every week we make lessons
just like this one to help you learn
English without getting lost without
missing the jokes and without subtitles
just like Melissa who says that she is
now speaking more like a native from
watching our channel so don't forget to
hit that subscribe button and the bell
down below so that you don't miss any of
our new lessons
[Music]
[Applause]
my name is lieutenant aldo raine and i'm
putting together a special team and i
need me eight soldiers Hey Jewish
American soldiers now y'all might have
heard rumors about the Armada happening
soon well we'll be leaving little
earlier we're gonna be dropped into
France dressed as civilians once we're
in enemy territory as a bushwhacking
guerrilla army we're gonna be doing one
thing and one thing only killing Nazis
now I know about you all but I sure as
hell didn't come down from the goddamn
Smoky Mountains across five thousand
mile of water find my way through half
of Sicily and jump out of a [ __ ]
aeroplane to teach the Nazis lessons in
humanity Nats he ain't got no humanity
there enough foot soldiers of a
jew-hating mass-murdering maniac and
they need to be destroyed that's why any
and every sumbitch we find wearing a
Nazi uniform they're gonna die
[Music]
my name is lieutenant aldo raine and i'm
putting together a special team and i
need me eight soldiers a lieutenant is
an officer of middle rank in the armed
forces when you put something together
you are combining two or more people or
things into a pair or group I got asked
the girl from the Xerox place buck naked
or a big tub of jam in this case he
needs eight soldiers to make a special
team let's listen again to how he says
this I need me eight soldiers I need me
is a phrase used to slang usually when
you're looking for something it is not
grammatically correct but you can hear
natives use it for example if you're
hungry you might say I need me some food
now y'all might have heard rumors about
the Ramada happening soon now in this
movie Brad Pitt has an accent from the
south of the United States and we can
see an element that is common in accents
from that part of the country when he
pronounces you all it sounds like one
word young this is a common informal way
used to address the second person plural
in other words a group of people that
you are speaking to will believe little
earlier notice how he pronounces the
word little he reduced the sound of it's
a lot so it sounds more like little than
little this is used in certain parts of
the United States as a form of
simplifying consonants nothing it's just
a little gift I got Alex we're going to
be dropped into France dressed as
civilians to drop something means in a
literal way to deliberately let
something fall in a different context to
be dropped as an expression used when
talking about carrying someone to a
specific place this is commonly heard in
war movies where soldiers are quickly
dropped by helicopter or plane
now in everyday English similarly to
this we use the phrasal verb to drop off
or to be dropped off let's watch an
example of this my character dr. Steven
Wilson is also sad because the Sun
wouldn't take his advice and he wanted
to be dropped off a block away from
school once we're in enemy territory as
a bushwhacking guerilla army bushwhack
means to launch a surprise assault from
a hidden place especially if the victim
is unarmed it is not a common expression
this is a compound noun formed from the
words whack which is another way to say
to hit ambush which we can see here now
I know about y'all but I sure as hell
didn't come down from the goddamn Smoky
Mountains these two expressions are used
to emphasize what is being said as hell
is used to make a statement more
forceful godddamn is used especially to
emphasize anger or frustration let's
watch some examples if these two phrases
being used well why don't you tell me
what you're supposed to be huh because I
sure as hell can't figure it out take
the day off but I'm here I'm ready to
work well you can't work if I can't get
your scene partner into the goddamn ring
I'll deal with Debbie across 5,000 mile
of water find my way through half of
Sicily figuratively the expression fight
ones way means to move forward or make
progress and that implies making a big
effort example I fought my way through
University and law school as a single
mother however in this case aldo is
probably using it literally as italy was
one of the enemy countries of the USA in
world war ii it's quite possible that he
actually fought in Sicily Italy and jump
out of a [ __ ] aeroplane to teach the
Nazis lessons in humanity Nazi ain't got
no humanity now this phrase is another
good example of natives purposefully
making grammatical errors ain't is an
informal way to say do not or am not for
example I am NOT going to go I ain't
going to go
he doesn't have time he ain't got time
also we have a clear case of double
negative
this happens when two forms of
grammatical negation are used in the
same sentence
in some languages double negatives
cancel one another and produce an
affirmative but in this case double
negative intensifies the negation
however keep in mind this is not
considered correct English so ain't got
no humanity means the same as do not
have any humanity
all right easy mimey the moment has
passed it ain't gonna happen there are
no foot soldiers have a jew-hating
mass-murdering maniac and they need to
be destroyed foot soldiers are members
of the military who do not have a high
position although they do a large amount
of work a maniac is someone who behaves
in an extreme or uncontrolled way in
this case he is making reference to
Hitler there enough foot soldiers of a
jew-hating mass-murdering maniac and
they need to be destroyed this lesson is
even more proof that you can learn
English in a fun way by watching your
favorite TV programmes or movies so I
highly recommend a fluent with friends
cause in this forty eight week course
you will learn in a fun way with the
first two seasons of friends every week
you'll receive PDF power letters
vocabulary memorization software access
to our fluency circle global community
and so much more and did you know that
you can try it right now for free
without 3-part masterclass all you have
to do is click here or in the
description box below to learn more and
sign up now we hope to see you there
[Music]
gentlemen let's discuss the prospect of
ending the war tonight so the way I see
it since Hitler's death impossible
rescue rests solely on my reaction if I
do nothing it's as if I'm causing his
death even more than yourselves wouldn't
you agree
oh yes so how about you utivich I guess
sir two gentlemen I have no intention of
killing Hitler and killing devils and
killing going and killing Baumann not to
mention we think that war
single-handedly for the Allies only
later to find myself standing before a
Jewish tribunal if you want to win the
war tonight they have to make a deal
what kind of deal
I can't you wouldn't have the authority
to make however I'm sure this mission of
yours has a commanding officer a general
no betting for OSS would be my guess oh
that's a bingo is that the way you say
that's a bingo
you just say bingo bingo how fun
[Music]
gentlemen let's discuss the prospect of
ending the war tonight a prospect refers
to the possibility that something might
happen in the future in this case hands
Lander is talking about the possibility
of ending the war by making a deal we're
going out you like sushi there's a great
little place down the street I'm not
happy about this you're ever happy about
prospect of fried chicken you can use
this work with different patterns for
example prospect for or prospect that I
think you'll appreciate this is very
exciting
Oh what are you working on something
remarkable here since my prospects for
the Nobel Prize in Physics have
disappeared thank you very much so the
way I see it
since Hitler's death a possible rescue
rests solely on my reaction we say the
way I see it simply is an alternative to
in my opinion or to explain how we
interpret something mr. Chandler the way
I see it is I was lucky enough to find
someone that I really loved I just I
want to be around her as much as I can
since Hitler's death a possible rescue
rests solely on my reaction so Lee is
another way of saying only or just if
something like a decision rests on you
it means that you're in charge of making
such a decision to understand this
expression is important to know what is
going on in the scene hands knows that
there are explosives in the premiere
where Hitler is if he decides to
intervene Hitler will be saved if not
Hitler will probably die and that would
mean that the war would be over that's
why he says that Hitler's death or
possible rescue rests solely on his
reaction because his decision would
change Hitler's fades if I do nothing
it's as if I'm causing his death even
more than yourselves with you doing as
if is used in such a way that something
seems to be true he is saying that doing
nothing
this case would be the same as causing
Hitler's death I guess so
how about you utivich I guess sir - this
phrase is often used instead of saying
yes when you're not completely certain
or you don't want to fully commit to
something you speak Italian I guess so
Ross is gonna meet somebody and he's
gonna have his own life right yeah I
guess Oh she keeps sending me mixed
signals but I think we both want the
same thing
what's that unconditional love I guess
that's all anybody wants gentlemen I
have no intention of killing Hitler and
killing Gillis and killing going and
killing woman not to mention we think
that war single-handedly for the Allies
are only later to find myself standing
before a Jewish tribunal we say not to
mention to introduce an additional thing
that makes a situation even more
difficult surprising interesting etc for
example it's incredibly hard to become
so good at a sport that you'll go to the
Olympics
not to mention win a medal now let's
watch some examples of this collocation
being used pay attention and try to
guess which one is different not to
mention the weirdoes you'd meet what do
you think she's gonna do
know what well obviously I prefer not to
mention any if we just focus our energy
onto something a little bit more I have
to mention the money if you're a fan of
Quentin Tarantino movies then I highly
recommend you check out another advanced
lesson which was on Kill Bill you can
click up here or in the description box
below to watch it straight after this
lesson he mentions winning the war
single-handedly if you do something
single-handedly it means that you do it
without any help from anyone else so you
think this is going pretty well maybe
are you kidding you single-handedly
pulled off the party of the year not to
mention we think that war
single-handedly for the Allies only
later to find myself standing before a
Jewish tribunal to find oneself in a
certain situation means to discover or
realize a situation you might be living
in the future example he moved to Canada
hoping to get fluent in English only to
find himself always speaking Portuguese
with other Brazilians before could be
used in many ways which one of these
definitions do you think is the correct
one for this situation opposite of after
meaning in front of condition for
something to happen
[Music]
a tribunal is another word for a court
of justice
this word is commonly used to refer to a
war crimes tribunal like the famous
Nuremberg trials after World War two if
you want to win the war tonight
they have to make a deal a deal is an
agreement or an arrangement basically
you do something in order to get
something back for example let's make a
deal I'll wash your car and you'll let
me use it tonight
they have to make a deal normally we
like to say this with connected speech
we have to make a deal you gotta call it
and you got to do it you have to do it
I'm sorry max uncle but in order to
sound emphatic he over pronounces half
you can distinctly hear the F sound here
we have to make a deal what kind of deal
here we have a good example of connected
speech when you have two similar sounds
next to each other one of them
disappears and only the strong one is
pronounced in this case between the T
and the K the T is dropped furthermore
we link the common expression kind of
you probably know that often we reduce
this to kinder however here aldo reduces
it even more to just kind so this whole
phrase reduces and connects together
instead of saying what kind of deal he
says what kind of deal
I can't you wouldn't have the authority
to make however I'm sure this mission of
yours has a commanding officer in a
military context commanding is used to
refer to someone who has a position of
authority in this case the Office of
Strategic Services a general
but in for OSS would be my guess
even though betting means in a literal
sense to risk money on the results of
games in order to win more money in this
case it's used to say that something
seems very likely to happen or to be
true bingo is that the way you say
that's a bingo
although he speaks exceptional English
mr. hand is a language learner himself
even though it's a dramatic moment he's
taken advantage of speaking with native
English speakers to improve his skills
in this case he asks them if he's using
the expression bingo in a proper way
this is quite humorous given the
seriousness of the situation did you say
bingo bingo
how funny if you're playing the game
bingo that's the word you shout out if
you win however it's used in everyday
speaking to show that someone has
arrived at the correct answer or
conclusion so Han says bingo because by
the expression on the Americans faces he
can tell he guessed correctly who
commands them what's that some sort of
soft dispenser bingo I'm in the closet
business and this is a crude prototype
of my new invention
bingo how funny we use how to show
surprise about something you might say
how strange when something unusual or
unexpected happens or describe a food by
saying how delicious see how great
[Music]
my name is lieutenant aldo raine and i'm
putting together a special team and i
need me eight soldiers eight jewish
american soldiers now y'all might have
heard rumors about the Armada happening
soon
well we'll be leaving little earlier
we're gonna be dropped into France
dressed as civilians
[Music]
once we're in enemy territory as a
bushwhacking guerilla army we're gonna
be doing one thing and one thing only
killing Nazis and I have know about you
all but I sure as hell didn't come down
from the goddamn Smoky Mountains across
5,000 mile of water find my way through
half of Sicily and jump out of a [ __ ]
aeroplane to teach the Nazis lessons in
humanity
Nats he ain't got no humanity there
enough foot soldiers of a jew-hating
mass-murdering maniac and they need to
be destroyed
[Music]
that's why any and every sumbitch we
find wearing and that's uniform they're
gonna die gentlemen let's discuss the
prospect of ending the war tonight so
the way I see it
since Hitler's death a possible rescue
rests solely on my reaction if I do
nothing it's as if I'm causing his death
even more than yourselves would you
agree I guess so
how about you utivich
I guess sir - gentlemen I have no
intention of killing Hitler and killing
devils and killing going and killing
woman not to mention we think that war
single-handedly for the Allies only
later to find myself standing before a
Jewish tribunal
[Music]
if you want to win the war tonight I
have to make a deal what kind of deal I
can't you wouldn't have the authority to
make however I'm sure this mission of
yours has a commanding officer a general
fitting for OSS would be my guess whoa
that's a bingo
is that the way you say that's a bingo
you just say bingo bingo how fun you
suppose correctly now it's kill or be
killed
you have every right to get even
even-steven I would have to kill you
that'd be about square and I choose kill
[Music]
mommy my baby how's school